readme.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <h1>👋 Hi there!</h1>
    <h2>I'm Dean, welcome to my profile :)</h2>

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com/?lines=Software+Engineer;Fullstack+Developer;Ethical+Hacker;Math+Nerd&center=true)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon)

</div>

## About me
I love math, philosophy, fiction and basically any type of science, learning is awesome and I never wish to stop!

Though my deteriorating eyesight has made it a struggle, I still try to read as much as I can, with my favorite genres being psychological/phylosophical horror and complex mysteries. I absolutely loved **Think of a Number by John Verdon** and its sequels, got any similar suggestions for me?

## Development
I lean toward backend, but can manage the whole stack.<br>
I believe cyber-security should be learned by any programmer, and categorized as a top priority every. step. of the way.

I'm a fast learner who's constantly fidgeting around testing out different systems, frameworks, etc.<br>
That being said, I do know the importance of strengthening your bases, as just randomly learning a bit of everything is not enough.

As someone who worked with low-code systems for quite a few years:
- Low-Code development is still software development! It can be just as complex, and when working around restricted systems, even tougher.
- I'm no "mere developer", with experience in both low-code frameworks and traditional pro-code, I can say I'm a strong **All-Rounder!**

I have experience with software development, web hosting, network management, software and (a bit of) hardware repairs, and cyber-security.<br>
Whatever you're working on, I may be able to join, or at least, I can promise to catch up **rapidly**.

## Career
I started my programming journey back in 2013, learned the basics from my father, and quickly took over his projects.<br>
I worked freelance, selling content management systems specifically tailored to my clients' needs, using my father's business as proxy.

Most my works were based on [Claris FileMaker](https://www.claris.com/filemaker/), and so, I have quite a bit of experience with relational databases.

Being the sole developer, I was responsible for client communications, system design, graphics, development, networking, security, upkeep, server management, and tech support.<br>
It was a lot, and I'm glad for it!

In the army, medical complications have prevented my assignment to a cyber unit, and so I was sent to manage the networks and IT repairs for the Gaza division of the IDF. During my service I have undergone a network administration course and received a Windows technician's certificate (which I need to find 😅).

Today, I'm working part-time for one of my clients, releasing new features, upgrading their servers, managing their networks, securing vulnerabilities - Definitely still developing software, but doing a whole lot more around it.

## Contact Me!
Feel free to contact me for any reason, including:
- Instructions, explanations and help
- Code recommendations and feature requests
- Collaborations - **Invite me to your projects**, I'm constantly looking for something new to work on :)
- Hiring - As of the current commit, I am [looking for a job](https://deanayalon.com/resume)!

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://deanayalon.com/linkedin)
[![WhatsApp](https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white)](https://deanayalon.com/whatsapp)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-3693F3?style=for-the-badge&logo=icloud&logoColor=white)](mailto:dev@deanayalon.com) 
[![Call Me](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Call_Me-blue.svg?logo=phone&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)](tel:+972549009763)

## Technologies Used:
### Languages
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-512BD4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=C%23&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Shell](https://img.shields.io/badge/shell-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

### Backend
![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)
![Node.JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.JS-5FA04E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)

### Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/mongodb-47A248.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgresql-4169E1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![FileMaker](https://img.shields.io/badge/claris-filemaker-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=claris&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

### Frontend
![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-c3002f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white)
![Wix Velo](https://img.shields.io/badge/velo-0C6EFC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=wix&logoColor=white)

![SCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/sass%2Fscss-CC6699.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white)

### Low-Code
[![FileMaker Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/claris-FileMaker_Pro-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=claris&logoColor=white)](https://www.credly.com/badges/b7a53493-ce4f-45b5-871a-a220b8f6f166)
[![FileMaker Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/claris-FileMaker_Server-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=claris&logoColor=white)](https://www.credly.com/earner/earned/badge/bbdd64a9-b1e0-48ac-9ab0-bbfb4d737204) 
![Wix](https://img.shields.io/badge/wix-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=wix&logoColor=white)

### Coding
[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-F05032.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon)

[![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/vscode-white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=007ACC)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon)

### CI/CD
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon/verdaccio/pkgs/container/verdaccio)
[![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon/verdaccio/actions)

### Code Security
[![GitGuardian](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/gitguardian-465b86.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitguardian&logoColor=081736)](https://gitguardian.com)
[![Snyk](https://img.shields.io/badge/Snyk-c5c6c7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=snyk&logoColor=4C4A73)](https://snyk.io)


### Utilities
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com)
[![Verdaccio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Verdaccio-4B5E40.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=verdaccio&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com)

### Services
[![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com)

#### And more, unlisted for the mystery ;)

## Currently Learning
[![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=326CE5)](https://npmjs.com)
[![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-D24939.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com)

[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-23272f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://npmjs.com)
[![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com)

## Certifications
[<img src="./images/fmp-specialist.png" height=100 />](https://www.credly.com/badges/b7a53493-ce4f-45b5-871a-a220b8f6f166)
[<img src="./images/fms-associate.png" height=100 />](https://www.credly.com/earner/earned/badge/bbdd64a9-b1e0-48ac-9ab0-bbfb4d737204)

## Thanks
[evab](https://github.com/eranbraun) - For continuous guidanceand support through my constant nagging

Commit message:

Added Devin.fm to technologies used, fixed typos

readme.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <h1>👋 Hi there!</h1>
    <h2>I'm Dean, welcome to my profile :)</h2>

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com/?lines=Software+Engineer;Fullstack+Developer;Ethical+Hacker;Math+Nerd&center=true)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon)

</div>

## About me
I love math, philosophy, fiction and basically any type of science, learning is awesome and I never wish to stop!

Though my deteriorating eyesight has made it a struggle, I still try to read as much as I can, with my favorite genres being psychological/philosophical horror and complex mysteries.<br>
I absolutely loved **Think of a Number by John Verdon** and its sequels, got any similar suggestions for me?

## Development
I lean toward backend, but can manage the whole stack.<br>
I believe cyber-security should be learned by any programmer, and categorized as a top priority every. step. of the way.

I'm a fast learner who's constantly fidgeting around testing out different systems, frameworks, etc.<br>
That being said, I do know the importance of strengthening your bases, as just randomly learning a bit of everything is not enough.

As someone who worked with low-code systems for quite a few years:
- Low-Code development is still software development! It can be just as complex, and when working around restricted systems, even tougher.
- I'm no "mere developer", with experience in both low-code frameworks and traditional pro-code, I can say I'm a strong **All-Rounder!**

I have experience with software development, web hosting, network management, software and (a bit of) hardware repairs, and cyber-security.<br>
Whatever you're working on, I may be able to join, or at least, I can promise to catch up **rapidly**.

## Career
I started my programming journey back in 2013, learned the basics from my father, and quickly took over his projects.<br>
I worked freelance, selling content management systems specifically tailored to my clients' needs, using my father's business as proxy.

Most my works were based on [Claris FileMaker](https://www.claris.com/filemaker/), and so, I have quite a bit of experience with relational databases.

Being the sole developer, I was responsible for client communications, system design, graphics, development, networking, security, upkeep, server management, and tech support.<br>
It was a lot, and I'm glad for it!

In the army, medical complications have prevented my assignment to a cyber unit, and so I was sent to manage the networks and IT repairs for the Gaza division of the IDF. During my service I have undergone a network administration course and received a Windows technician's certificate (which I need to find 😅).

Today, I'm working part-time for one of my clients, releasing new features, upgrading their servers, managing their networks, securing vulnerabilities - Definitely still developing software, but doing a whole lot more around it.

## Contact Me!
Feel free to contact me for any reason, including:
- Instructions, explanations and help
- Code recommendations and feature requests
- Collaborations - **Invite me to your projects**, I'm constantly looking for something new to work on :)
- Hiring - As of the current commit, I am [looking for a job](https://deanayalon.com/resume)!

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://deanayalon.com/linkedin)
[![WhatsApp](https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white)](https://deanayalon.com/whatsapp)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-3693F3?style=for-the-badge&logo=icloud&logoColor=white)](mailto:dev@deanayalon.com) 
[![Call Me](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/Call_Me-blue.svg?logo=phone&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)](tel:+972549009763)

## Technologies Used:
### Languages
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-512BD4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=C%23&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Shell](https://img.shields.io/badge/shell-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white)

### Backend
![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/NestJS-E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white)
![Node.JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.JS-5FA04E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)

### Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/mongodb-47A248.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgresql-4169E1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![FileMaker](https://img.shields.io/badge/claris-filemaker-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=claris&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

### Frontend
![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-c3002f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white)
![Wix Velo](https://img.shields.io/badge/velo-0C6EFC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=wix&logoColor=white)

![SCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/sass%2Fscss-CC6699.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white)

### Low-Code
[![FileMaker Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/claris-FileMaker_Pro-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=claris&logoColor=white)](https://www.credly.com/badges/b7a53493-ce4f-45b5-871a-a220b8f6f166)
[![FileMaker Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/claris-FileMaker_Server-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=claris&logoColor=white)](https://www.credly.com/earner/earned/badge/bbdd64a9-b1e0-48ac-9ab0-bbfb4d737204) 
![Wix](https://img.shields.io/badge/wix-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=wix&logoColor=white)

### Coding
[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-F05032.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon)

[![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/vscode-white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=007ACC)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon)

### CI/CD
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon/verdaccio/pkgs/container/verdaccio)
[![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/DeanAyalon/verdaccio/actions)
[![Devin.fm](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/devin.fm-120e6d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=devin.fm)](https://devin.fm)

### Code Security
[![GitGuardian](https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/badge/gitguardian-465b86.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitguardian&logoColor=081736)](https://gitguardian.com)
[![Snyk](https://img.shields.io/badge/Snyk-c5c6c7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=snyk&logoColor=4C4A73)](https://snyk.io)

### Utilities
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com)
[![Verdaccio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Verdaccio-4B5E40.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=verdaccio&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com)

### Services
[![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com)

#### And more, unlisted for the mystery ;)

## Currently Learning
[![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=326CE5)](https://npmjs.com)
[![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/jenkins-D24939.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com)

[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-23272f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://npmjs.com)
[![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com)

- Test Driven Design

## Certifications
[<img src="./images/fmp-specialist.png" height=100 />](https://www.credly.com/badges/b7a53493-ce4f-45b5-871a-a220b8f6f166)
[<img src="./images/fms-associate.png" height=100 />](https://www.credly.com/badges/bbdd64a9-b1e0-48ac-9ab0-bbfb4d737204)

## Thanks
[evab](https://github.com/eranbraun) - For continuous guidanceand support through my constant nagging
